[Music]
hi Byron Mike here from chickens for
backyards here to help you find the
right chickens for your backyard today
we are going to go visit Lindsey and her
two girls talk about one their favorite
reads the bark Plymouth Rock you ready
to get your bite
hey the second beat saketini lighter
okay and now it's yeah let's go
[Music]
[Applause]
hi people hiren Lindy a girl while
Lindsay looks like you really have a
diverse flock
looks like you have some Rhode Island
Reds and Buff Orpington and of course
the barred rocks so you have several
other briefs were dad is so cool
well let me have a challenge to get the
barred rocks from the rest of them yeah
I think we got a work cut out for us
here of course the girls are gonna give
us a hand aren't you girls
[Applause]
[Music]
pretty tame down you can tell the girls
spend a lot of time these girls
Oh your favorite thing about Barb rocks
thank you let's go
Oh
all right girl Oh
3u5 on the Lindsay girls thank you so
much for having us over today we had a
great time
you're welcome our pleasure was great
thank you girls for helping out so much
you did a great job get some good video
of Alaska
so from chickens for backyards I'm Byron
and I might and we're recommending fun
rocks for your backyard
yeah girl okay